Initial copy functionality (#2)
cloudogu/dogu-data-seeder: docs/dev/usage_en.md

# Usage

> This application support currently following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application supports currently following commands:
```

- copy

## Copy

Copy copies all files from given source paths to destination paths.
The files have to be regular files and already existing files in the target will be overwritten.

An error during execution does not stop the whole process and does not remove previous copied files!

### Example

> `target/dogu-data-seeder copy -source=./cmd -target=./cmdCopy -source=./build -target=./buildCopy`

Reviewer: in your tests (`main_test.go`) you used two dashes for the args (so `--source=` instead of `-source=`). Do we have to adjust it here?

Author: Both works. I will change it here for consistency.

> Where the source n will be copied to the target n.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where each source will be copied to the immediately following target.
```
